KEANE:
He saved our lives.
CARRIE:
Yeah.
KEANE: What was his name?
BRODY:
Carrie, you're not yourself.
CARRIE: But you don't have
my condition.
I'm dealing with it.
I-I've been dealing with it
since I was 22.
♪ ♪
MAGGIE: She said no one at work
could know. She's bipolar.
MAN: The mood of the country,
it's not great.
-(siren wailing)
-O'KEEFE: Civil... War.
CARRIE:
Madam President, please!
You have to put a stop to this!
WOMAN:
It's only getting worse.
QUINN:
Is there no fucking line?
HILLARY CLINTON: Ridiculous lies
and accusations.
♪ ♪
WOMAN: The White House
is in crisis mode.
SAUL: We're talking
about information warfare.
CARRIE: Our country
is under attack.
♪ ♪
O'KEEFE:
The time to rise up is now!
♪ ♪
CARRIE: I swore an oath
to protect it.
(siren wailing)
QUINN: Just think of me
as a light on the headlands,
a beacon steering you clear
of the rocks.
(vehicles approaching,
siren whoops)
-(siren whoops)
-Fuck.
(doorbell rings)
♪ ♪
-Madam President.
-Wait here, please.
-(radio chatter)
-Close it.
(door creaks)
You heard?
I heard. I was waiting
for you to call.
So all the intelligence services
listening in could hear
that my presidency's
just been hijacked?
I don't think so.
Those fucking generals
sat there
with their stars
on their shoulders,
nodding their heads like
they were actually listening.
Then went ahead and did
whatever the hell they wanted.
It wasn't the generals,
Elizabeth. It was me.
-What?
-WELLINGTON: It was me.
I authorized the air strike
in your name.
I tried telling you
last night,
you're on track to be the first
president since Harrison
not to make it through
a hundred days.
We needed to put one up
in the win column.
The win column?
Are you out of your mind?
Have you seen what
they're saying about you
-on the morning shows?
-I don't care
-what they're saying.
-Well, you should. It's all
about how you
just announced yourself
on the world stage,
how you're learning on the job.
Between this
and releasing the 200,
I think we finally
turned a corner.
So I should be grateful that
a mission I said "no" to
gets a thumbs up from
the morning talk show crowd?!
WELLINGTON: You should be
grateful you get to
wipe the slate
and start over.
Very few presidents
are so lucky.
I should have you arrested.
WELLINGTON:
Elizabeth?
A long time ago,
you asked me to run your first
campaign for state office.
I was doing national races
at the time, but I said "yes"
because I had this feeling
we'd be here someday
in the White House.
You want my resignation,
I'll resign.
You want me in jail?
I'll go.
But all I care about,
all I care about is
you having a chance to show them
you can be a great president,
a great president,
and you have that in you,
and I've known it
from the beginning.
-(knock on door)
-(exhales deeply)
(door squeaks closed)
-(rapid knock on door)
-MAX: Carrie?
(knocking continues)
You're not gonna believe
what just happened.
-What?
-Wellington and Keane.
She was just lambasting him
in his house,
'cause the air strike
in Syria? She said no way.
-He authorized it anyway.
-What?
He authorized it.
That's what he said.
And then he got all weird,
how she's got it in her
to become this great president.
I mean, it's crazy town.
Anything is possible.
So if we were wondering
if that guy's capable
of taking out McClendon,
I'd say it's a big fucking yes.
(scoffs, sighs)
-We've gotta tell Dante.
-Forget it.
-He needs to know.
-There's no way you'd know
what you just told me
without the surveillance,
and the surveillance leads
right back to me.
-Fine.
-No one can know.
-That was the deal.
-I said fine.
So you said you had something
you want me to look at.
(exhales deeply) Yeah.
Not as mind-blowing as that.
But I did get a download
from his girlfriend's computer.
She was up in Hazelton,
where McClendon died,
just hours before
it happened.
-And you know this how?
-Dante.
(sighs) The guy you don't trust
to tell about the surveillance?
He found a parking ticket
she got while she was there.
I'll take a look.
-(laptop closes)
-What are you doing?
While you're unlocking
her e-mails,
I'm gonna go to Hazelton.
Maybe I can figure out
what she was doing there.
I thought you were grounded.
So you can rest.
I need to borrow your car.
(keys jingle)
(engine revs)
(tires squeal, gears shift)
Could use some help out here!
(indistinct conversations,
dog barking in distance)
♪ ♪
(indistinct conversations
continue)
♪ ♪
BOY:
Got it.
♪ ♪
That's a lot of firepower.
Better safe than sorry.
(lowered voice): I didn't know
it was gonna get to this.
MARY:
I'm glad that somebody does.
You probably
think twice now,
a stranger asks
to spend the night.
Someone should've told me
what you all were planning.
Wasn't really a plan, ma'am.
More like a Hail Mary.
You should've said. I could've
gotten the children out.
So the Feds can use them
against us?
-They're not safe here.
-Okay, wait, wait, wait.
I know this situation
I have dragged you into
is less than ideal,
but I want you to know,
before any of you good people
comes close to getting hurt,
especially the children,
I will be walking down
that driveway
and handing myself over
to the federales.
Okay?
In the meantime, though,
the way I see it,
we hold all the cards.
-What cards?
-Me. They don't want a fight.
They just want me.
So if you're willing,
how 'bout we just leave
their whole big,
ugly battalion
out there a while?
So the whole world can see.
-There we go.
-(buzzing overhead)
(buzzing continues)
(click)
(cocks rifle)
-(gunshot)
-MAN: Yeah!
(men all speak indistinctly
at once)
(lowered voice):
Get the kids to the barn.
(dog barking in distance,
baby crying)
Killed my drone. Son of a...
Back it up.
Back it up. I wanna see.
(whirring)
Yeah. There, there,
there, there.
All right, tell me what
I'm lookin' at here,
the guy with the gun.
-WOMAN: His name's Andy Burke,
sir. A local survivalist.
-Uh-huh.
There. Who are they?
WOMAN: Uh, that's
Bo and Mary Elkins.
They own the place
with the Van Dusens.
And that's Brett O'Keefe.
MASLIN:
Yeah. Yeah, him I know.
All right, so we got, uh,
40 people,
six vehicles loaded
with food, weapons.
I can't even count all the ammo.
This is what you got us,
playing peacemaker?
All right, we still need
to know what they're up to.
-Go get me eyes
on these clowns, huh?
-Yes, sir.
♪ ♪
(gun clatters)
(radio chatter)
♪ ♪
(gear shifts, seat belt clicks)
(engine idling)
(engine turns off)
(car door closes)
-Can I help you?
-Yeah, I sure hope so. (sighs)
Um, this woman was in here
four days ago.
Mid-afternoon, around 3:00 p.m.
Let me guess. She wasn't here
for a payroll advance,
was she... Carl?
I can't talk about
our clients, ma'am.
Well, not normally.
Of course not.
But in this case,
your client is my sister.
Doesn't matter.
Yeah, well,
there we disagree.
She's bipolar.
-Do you know what that is?
-Not really.
It's a form of crazy.
Oh, yeah, I knew that.
So if I seem a little agitated,
which I probably do, that's why.
(scoffs)
(sighs)
My sister lives with me
in my house,
where she's not only driven my
entire family totally insane,
she's managed to run up
debts of nearly $100,000
that she cannot begin
to repay.
I had her declared
incompetent.
Like bad at things?
It means she's not responsible
for her actions, Carl.
I-I am. I am responsible.
And I have legally enjoined
any access to funds for her.
Any access. You see
where I'm going here?
(sighs) Okay, here's--
here's the thing, and I--
and I apologize in advance
for having to put it this way,
but if-if Dash Cash or-or
Cash Dash or whatever
you call yourselves,
has been doing
some kind of end run, has been
funneling money to her
around the legal barriers
I have put in place,
I have no choice
but to sue your asses,
starting right here
with you.
Hello?
Carl, you getting this?
You might wanna find
yourself a lawyer.
It wasn't-it wasn't
any $100,000.
-(papers rustle)
-Uh, it's just one transfer.
$9,950.
I've never seen her before.
♪ ♪
(sighs)
WOMAN: Where are we supposed
to put these?
Take these to the barn.
Let's go.
♪ ♪
MAN ON TV: As temperatures
are starting to warm up
all across West Virginia
and Pennsylvania,
-let's take a look at...
-(object thuds)
...highs in the upper 70s,
Monday and Tuesday...
BURKE:
Hey, don't point that here.
Not unless you intended
to use it.
WOMAN ON TV:
In a full compound
in Lucasville, Virginia,
-where sources believe...
-(dog barking in distance)
What the fuck is it now?
-...may be hiding.
-(dog barking in distance)
-Where's J.J.?
-(barking continues)
J.J.:
Bruno! Get back here! Bruno!
(barking)
-Bruno!
-(barking continues)
-(gunshot, Bruno yelps)
You killed my dog!
(gunshot)
(gasps)
GOODMAN:
What'd you do?!
♪ ♪
-(panting)
-Can you hear me, son?
Can you hear me?
Call the medics!
We need help here!
(gun cocks)
Put your weapons down!
Oh. Hey, hey, hey, hey.
It's gonna be okay.
(J.J. whimpers)
-How is he?
-It's bad.
Get him back to the house.
Need-need some help.
(radio chatter)
-MAN: Move, move.
-I heard shots.
-Quiet.
-WOMAN ON RADIO:
One civilian casualty,
teenage boy,
9-millimeter to the abdomen.
-Also Special Agent Goodman,
now hostage.
-Fuck!
(officers shouting indistinctly)
-(door opens)
-BO: Let's get some help!
Need some help. Need some help!
Need some help in here!
Need some help!
(J.J. breathing heavily)
-Oh, my God!
-BO: He's gonna be okay.
He's gonna be all right.
(J.J. panting)
It's gonna be okay.
It'll be okay.
Bo! Bo!
-(punch lands)
-BURKE: Bo!
BURKE: Everybody,
take a deep fucking breath!
Bo, listen to me!
Listen to me!
He's worth more
to us alive! Bo!
Bo. Come on.
(whimpering)
(J.J. gasping)
(Mary crying)
CARRIE:
$9,950.
Just under the reporting limit.
No sender name,
nothing but a reference number.
-MAX: Untraceable.
-Basically.
She tells them the number,
they hand her the cash,
just hours before McClendon
eats it a half-mile away.
So what are you thinking?
The obvious. The money
was used for a payoff.
To get McClendon killed?
No, Max. So he'd have
a nicer room. (scoffs)
I just meant that
$9,900 for a hit
on a celebrity prisoner
in a federal supermax
-seems kind of low.
-Agreed.
So what I'm wondering
is where she went next.
She must've gotten
more money somewhere.
-Did you get into her e-mails?
-Yeah.
There's nothing there so far.
She's supposedly
the director of fund-raising
for a pro-Democracy NGO.
-And?
-Looks like she actually is.
I'm looking at a bunch
of photos of her.
She's like
a professional partygoer.
Send them to me.
-Huh?
-Send them.
Uh... Okay. Only, um...
where are you?
-(laptop chimes)
-Hazelton. Where do you think?
Driving. You said
you had to be back
by the time Franny got home.
You should've left there
-an hour ago.
-(inhales sharply) Oh, shit.
(cellphone rings)
You shot... a kid.
-A 16-year-old boy and his dog.
-How is he?
He is bleeding. His whole
stomach's bright red.
There's a hospital less than
20 minutes from here.
I wanna move him.
You there?
I-I'll tell them that.
I don't know if they'll listen.
Well, make 'em.
I'm not in control here.
Tell me about it.
You deal with it on your end,
I'll deal with it on mine.
(line disconnects)
MASLIN:
Who was that?
O'Keefe. We're arranging to
move the kid to a hospital.
No. Not until
I get my man back.
Kid's bleeding out.
Your man shot him.
-Raised a weapon.
-16-year-old. They shot him.
Do not fuck with me on this.
You will not like where it ends.
Respectfully, you have
no chain of command here.
Take it up with the Director.
(radio chatter)
(beep, line rings)
-(cellphone rings, beep)
-Saul, I-I'm heading
into a meeting.
I gotta call you back.
No, no, no, no, don't hang up.
Kid's been shot here by the FBI.
Agent's been taken hostage.
FBI commander won't allow him
to be transported
to a hospital.
Not until he gets
his man back.
That's not gonna happen
before the kid bleeds out.
I need the president
to intervene.
David, did you hear me?
Um, yeah, I-I'm not sure
that my relationship
with the president can stand
more bad news today.
What are you talking about?
Kid is dying.
Yeah, fine. Fine.
I gotta call you back.
(beep)
Hey, Marcy,
I got an emergency.
(knock on door)
-Excuse me, Madam President.
-What is it?
Saul Berenson called.
The FBI just shot a kid.
Come in.
(radio chatter)
(indistinct conversations)
It's the president
of the United States.
♪ ♪
(taps key)
(scoffs)
(taps key, laptop chimes)
(typing)
(door opens)
Whew. You made it.
MAGGIE:
Yeah.
I'm Maggie. Carrie's sister.
Ah. I'm Max.
-Hi, Max.
-H-hi, Franny.
So what are you doing?
Uh, just software updates
for Carrie.
Where is she, anyway?
Downstairs?
Not really.
Uh...
-Do you wanna tell me?
-(ascending footsteps)
Max, hey.
Hello, you!
I-I gotta go.
Uh, I'll walk you out.
FRANNY:
Bye, Max.
I have no idea what happened
after she picked up the money
from the place
you found up there,
but before, she got off
the turnpike four times
on her way there.
Each stop was about
ten minutes long,
and there's a cash place
at each exit.
-How'd you find that out?
-You'll see. I sent it to you.
So four along the turnpike,
plus Hazelton.
-That's five pickups total.
-Yeah, in theory.
Five times $9,900--
that's almost $50,000.
That's enough to get
something done.
-(keys jingle)
-Thank you. Thank you.
Hey!
(groans) How was your day?
-Great.
-It was? It was great?
Mwah. Mwah.
♪ ♪
(radio chatter)
Out! Hands where I can see 'em!
Check him out.
♪ ♪
(indistinct conversations)
Search it.
(bag unzipping, rustling)
Hey, hey, w-we're only here
for the boy, all right?
All right, lock it up.
MAN:
Staying on 'em.
(engines start)
PARAMEDIC:
Where's the patient?
MARY:
Here.
Great. Can you put
that on the wall there?
-What's his name?
-J.J.
Hey, J.J.? J.J., I'm Nate.
Mind if I take a look?
There's no exit wound.
-His pressure's low.
-What does that mean?
It just means he's lost
a lot of blood.
He could be going into shock, so
we wanna get some fluids in him.
WOMAN:
Here. Hold this.
-(labored breathing)
-I'd like to check on him.
Can you hold the bag
with the line?
Go.
NATE: Okay, listen here, J.J.
I just wanna see if I...
-How you doing?
-I'm okay.
(inhales sharply)
Let me put something on that.
NATE: I need you to step back,
put your hand in my coat.
-How's the boy?
-Gonna be okay.
NATE: Be very careful. Sir,
can you stand on the left side?
NATE: All right, everyone,
we're gonna lift him
on three, okay?
(soft clank)
NATE:
Gonna need some help.
-You need water?
-Okay, enough.
NATE:
Hey, could use a hand in here.
We're gonna move him, okay?
You wanna grab right there.
You grab right there, okay?
We're gonna get him up
on three, all right?
-(whispers) Thank you.
-NATE: Okay, everyone.
One, two, three, lift.
All right. Easy.
All right, J.J.,
you're doing good there.
(radio chatter)
What is that?
O'KEEFE:
First shots were fired today
-in the war against America.
-He's at it again.
O'KEEFE: ...and the victim
was a 16-year-old boy
shot in cold blood
by federal agents under
a "shoot to kill" order issued
directly from the White House
from the desk
of Elizabeth Keane.
What did I tell you?
You make concessions to these
people, they piss on you.
It doesn't matter
if you're a three-star general
or a kid or a canine,
you are fair game.
We all are
because here they come--
Keane's trained assassins,
her murderers, frothing thugs...
MARY:
Stop!
What was that?
Just stop.
This is Brett O'Keefe
coming to you from free America,
fighting for our lives.
(taps button)
♪ ♪
(exhales deeply)
(door opens)
Don't even bother.
Light was still on.
I thought you were sleeping.
Mm. Not tired.
Not surprised.
I am confused, though.
After everything you said,
how scared you are,
if you don't get this thing
under control,
-what will happen to you...
-Okay. (sighs)
to Franny.
You know where this ends.
Are you even taking
your meds?
Yes.
I don't mean the lithium
we know isn't working.
I mean the Seroquel that
will quiet you down enough
so that you can reset
and start over.
Yes.
Yes, what?
-I'm taking it.
-Really? You expect me
to believe that when
you're the only one still up.
I'm taking it, okay?
I'm taking it. (huffs)
-Seroquel, see?
-(pills rattle)
(sighs deeply)
(exhales deeply)
(opens bottle)
-(bottle thuds)
-(sighs)
♪ ♪
Swallow it.
(scoffs)
(sips)
(glass thuds)
SAUL: Trauma surgeon's
arriving from Richmond.
They're prepping J.J.
as we speak.
-O'KEEFE: Took long enough.
-Factor that in
next time you pick a family
in the middle of nowhere
to drop in this shit.
Hey, I'm not the one
shot the kid.
No. You're the one
who snuck in an armed militia
and put everyone in harm's way.
MAN:
That's better.
Know what
I'm lookin' at here?
An army.
What do you got there?
All high
on your toxic bullshit.
Same thing.
This seem like a stable
situation to you?
So leave.
(chuckles)
Waco.
Ruby Ridge.
They didn't start
as firefights.
They ended up there.
'Cause with all these guns,
it's inevitable.
Negotiators lose control.
-What negotiators?
-You and me.
You and me, O'Keefe,
we're the negotiators.
We're the fucking grownups
in the room here,
ones who don't want
any more casualties,
let alone a shooting war.
Am I wrong about that?
You're not wrong.
Wanna end this, you can.
How?
Give yourself up.
Oh, I give myself up.
You call that negotiating?
Fine. Stay put.
Then don't act surprised
when the next person
gets shot.
What about the other kids?
What about 'em?
Kids and their mothers.
We get 'em out of there.
So the Feds can arrest 'em?
None of them will be arrested.
You have my word.
For fuck's safe.
Forget how you
leverage this for yourself.
Do something decent
for once in your life.
You don't even get it.
It's not me.
These guys
are bringing it on
like it's
their own private Alamo.
Well, remind them
how that ended.
-I'll get back to you.
-(beep)
-(camera shutters clicking)
-MALE REPORTER: How's he doing?
-REPORTER: How old is the kid?
-PARAMEDIC: Can't comment.
Sorry.
WOMAN: What does the doctor
say? Is he going to make it?
Can you confirm the boy's name?
Is he one of the Elkins family?
MAN:
How many times was he shot?
NATE:
We have no comment.
(reporters shouting at once)
♪ ♪
(door opens)
(woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
(indistinct conversations)
(indistinct conversations
continue)
(doors open)
♪ ♪
(indistinct conversations)
(curtain rings swoosh)
(indistinct conversations
continue)
WOMAN:
Heart rate 122...
MAN: Yeah,
it's at the nurses station.
(medical staff
speaking at once indistinctly)
WOMAN: Pupils are
equal and reactive...
WOMAN:
Doing a great job, okay?
MAN: ...are looking better. I'm
gonna listen to his lung sounds.
WOMAN: He's got
a good radial pulse.
MAN:
They're clear and equal.
-(camera shutter clicking)
-MAN: We'll hold off on...
(camera shutter continues
clicking)
MAN: Pressure's coming up.
See if we can get a little
bit more fluid on board
to slow down his heart rate.
MAN: I think it's just isolated
to the front quadrant.
WOMAN:
Checking the level.
♪ ♪
MAN: Let's keep prepping him.
Get him ready for surgery.
Let me know when
they're good to go.
♪ ♪
-Enzymes are looking better.
-Relax. You're all right.
Pupils are active...
MAN: No sign of
neurological disability.
♪ ♪
(cellphone buttons clicking)
(cellphone rings)
-(sighs)
-(ring)
(ring)
-(exhales deeply)
-(click)
(inhales deeply)
Are you here?
DANTE:
Yeah. Almost.
You sound strange.
Something wrong?
Yeah. My sister.
(inhales deeply)
-(sighs) I'll be right down.
-Okay.
(beep)
(cellphone thuds)
(footsteps approach)
-(sighs)
-Jesus.
Just drive.
(engine starts, gears shift)
(engine idling)
MAN:
All teams stand down.
We're bringing out
the kids now.
♪ ♪
(engine starts)
Your ride's here.
There'll be cameras waiting.
-I know.
-The media.
You said already. Are you
trying to make me nervous?
No, absolutely not.
They're expecting some nut job.
You know that, right?
Bible in one hand,
bottle of Oxy in the other.
When they see
who you really are,
I predict it knocks
their socks off.
Be our ambassador.
You tell them what
we're fighting for.
I'm doing this for my boys.
You said you'd hand yourself
over before anyone got hurt.
But you're still here.
♪ ♪
First things first.
-(pills rattle)
-Methylphenidate.
This is a Ritalin knockoff
I get from Mumbai.
Take a couple now.
Sublingual.
Next... Straterol.
Potentiates the Methyl,
lets you spread out your doses,
which is something you are
definitely going to want to do.
Finally, Magnesium.
Over-the-counter.
Helps with
the teeth clenching.
(pills rattle)
600 bucks of meds there.
Yours for 120.
Thank God for India.
Is it safe?
That depends on you.
She's gonna be surfing.
Up, down.
The Seroquel that
the doctors are pushing?
Avoid it, except when
she's too crazy.
And these are for when
she's too down,
drooling like some zombie.
That sort of thing.
You gotta watch me,
tell me when to medicate.
-What, you won't know yourself?
-That's the scary part. No.
-Thanks, Josh.
-Yeah. Anytime.
We miss you.
You know that, right?
If you-if you're not up
for this, I totally understand.
Surfing?
Yeah and, um...
there's something else.
You know that parking ticket
you found?
That Wellington's
girlfriend got?
-In Hazelton.
-Right.
(chuckles) Well, it turns out
that's just the end
of a very strange trip
she took to get there.
Strange how?
She exited the turnpike
four times
along the way from D.C.
to collect cash,
just under ten grand
each time.
Her final pickup,
number five,
is where she got that
parking ticket.
That's almost
$50,000 altogether,
which she arrives with
in Hazelton
just a few hours before
McClendon dies there.
So you're saying
she's a bag man.
(exhales)
(scoffs)
So do I bring her in?
Say what? I broke into
her apartment
and found some stuff
on her computer?
Maybe I could get a warrant
after the fact.
Even if you could,
she's not our target.
We've gotta connect her
and the money to Wellington.
(inhales deeply)
How?
Well, I've got a thought
about that,
which will be
completely illegal.
Yeah, like you rifling through
her apartment wasn't.
That was me.
This will be us.
An operation, kind of thing
we used to in Kabul.
If things fuck up,
the badge won't save you.
So?
It's a big ask, all this,
I know. If-if it's too much...
I'm in.
♪ ♪
(engine starts)
(engine turns off)
♪ ♪
(clears throat)
(rifles cocking)
MAN: Okay, I've got
the eyes on 'em.
(radio chatter)
Hey, I got three women
and ten kids
heading for the van.
We'll do a health check,
-then debrief.
-On the way to the hospital.
(radio chatter)
(engine starts)
AGENT:
Right this way, ma'am.
The kids need to be off
to the side, please.
WOMAN ON TV: ...who was shot
in the armed standoff
with federal agents
at his family's farm has died
-in a Lucasville hospital.
-WOMAN: Sir, you better
look at this.
The Richmond Gazette
was the first to report
the story, along with an image
of what appears to be the boy,
who has been identified
-Oh, Christ.
-by law enforcement officials
as J.J. Elkins,
lying unattended
on an operating table.
Photo has been circulating
on social media.
-What the fuck is this?
-No, no, no, no.
This is bullshit.
I just
talked to the hospital.
The kid's in recovery.
He's fine.
-Family doesn't know that.
-I'm telling you, he's fine.
AGENT:
Please spread your legs.
♪ ♪
(cellphone rings, beep)
-Yeah.
-Saul Berenson.
-They're walking to you now.
-I'm not calling about the kids.
There's a news report about J.J.
What happened to him?
Nothing happened to him.
That's the point.
There's a rumor circulating,
false, that he died.
-What?
-BURKE: Bo! Get in here now.
-You gotta see this.
-WOMAN ON TV: ...federal agents
on what he referred to
as a "kill order."
O'Keefe, listen to me.
SAUL: Nothing happened!
He's fine!
...informed us that the boy
was wounded after...
J.J. is fine. Tell them
it's not true. J.J.'s fine.
-We'll put him on the phone.
-What is this?
Call the hospital.
Get a news cam in there.
Put the kid on the phone.
Tell 'em it is not true.
-Just tell 'em it's fine!
-WOMAN ON TV: Shocking...
He's fine!
-How do you know?
-Yeah, fuck you, asshole!
Just tell 'em it's not true.
-Fucking government. I knew it.
-(Bo exhales sharply)
He's fine!
SAUL:
O'Keefe, do you hear me?
♪ ♪
What's going on?
(gun cocks, gunshot)
(gasps)
-What happened?
-Fuck.
BURKE: Grab the kids.
Don't let 'em leave.
-Run! Run, run, run, run!
-MAN: Get in! Get in! Get in!
WOMAN:
Move, move, move!
What happened?
Tell me what just happened!
He shot my guy!
We're going in!
-Get down!
-BURKE: Positions!
-Take cover!
-WOMAN: Run!
-(children screaming)
-MAN: Move, move, move!
All units proceed.
Take them down.
Wait, don't do this.
-(thud)
-Aah!
(engines revving)
(all shouting indistinctly)
Go, go, go, go!
MAN:
Go, go, go!
♪ ♪
(gunfire, bullets ricocheting)
(rapid gunfire continues)
(glass shattering,
gunfire continues)
(grunts)
(tapping keys)
(groans)
(glass shattering,
gunfire continues)
This is Brett O'Keefe,
coming to you from free America.
We've been betrayed!
Elizabeth Keane has broken
the truce, sending tanks
and machine guns...
How is he still on?
Kill the towers.
-Then we can't talk to 'em.
-Shut 'em down! All of it!
-Let's go! Everything!
-...patriots to take up arms
-against tyranny...
-(gunfire)
WELLINGTON:
Coming through.
Lucasville. The FBI's gone in,
a full-on assault.
Get Saul Berenson.
-Madam President.
-You have to stop this.
I can't.
Wounded boy's father
executed the hostage.
FBI commander ordered
everyone in.
-Give him to me.
-Too late. It's done.
(gunfire over phone)
♪ ♪
-(gunfire continues)
-I'm sorry.
(rapid gunfire continues)
♪ ♪
(glass shatters)
...tyranny of...
-(explosion)
-O'KEEFE: Aah! Aah!
(groans, whimpers)
(cannister hissing)
(O'Keefe groaning, crying)
AGENT:
Target secured.
(cannister hissing)
♪ ♪
(screen door creaking)
(radio chatter)
(O'Keefe coughing)
(flames crackling)
(continues coughing)
♪ ♪
(retches)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH